# bigcommerce-fetch

## About backend
It's a simple application for quering API of Bigcommerce platform and flatten it's results for frontend consumer, backend part is written in Groovy using Spring Boot with Spring Data REST, Spring Data itself, also uses some simple scheduling which is also included in Spring Boot. 
For unit testing there is a embeded MongoDB and Spock Framework.

## About frontend
Frontend was made using React + Redux stack with bootstrap and others helper techs. 
React + Redux + Reselect + redux-thunk + redux-promise-middleware + Webpack + ESLint and some other stuff.

Frontend for sure is not a good example of CSS styling since it's Frankenstein with tonns of global CSS styling coming with website of the client, so it have billions of horrible hardcoded pixel widths's by id for each cell, generated by bundle.js tables is completely not responsive etc. But it's okay since I will not touch this code anymore, and it's not need to have mobile version etc.
It's fine example of using Autosuggest component from https://github.com/moroshko/react-autosuggest
Some pieces of frontend is messy, but I don't really care :) But backend is fine :) At least I'm a fulltime backend developer, don't blame me much :)

## How to launch

Run Spring Boot app using the IDE of your choice. 
Then for frontend simply in directory with frontend package.json run
```
npm start 
```
And there you have it. It's in dev mode ofcourse that's why performance is not the best, but in production (to build `npm run build` and run `npm run open:dist`) it works just fine.

By the way, for production it will try to call remote server. To fix that change some stuff in the API, so it will call localhost instead.

